Pardon my old eyes
Offended the humble lord
Please don't take it to heart.
Another day, another day, I will definitely come to the door to involve the crime of banqueting
Yeah, yeah.
My sister can marry Lord Qian Shang
Is it the honor that our Shangguan family has cultivated over several lifetimes?
I told you
Grandpa's eyes are good
So?
Your Shangguan family has agreed to this marriage
Ouch agree agree agree
Strongly agree
Oh, if the adults in the sky don't agree
Then who is really qualified?
Hahaha, this wine
At that time, it was given to you by the Shangguan family, but you didn't cherish it.
Then take it to warm up the brothers
It's Linglong
It's time.
Now we can walk with dignity
Sir? Sir?
Why is this leaving?
Ouch, how can this be good?
Now our Shangguan family
But I completely offended the adults with the money.
Ouch.
Such an opportunity
But it was destroyed in his own hands
You deserve it.
It's just you guys with no eyes and no brains.
No wonder your Shangguan family is declining more and more